Update Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md (#11425) (#11591)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md

> # Converting a TensorFlow* Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Converting a TensorFlow Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow}
```

> This page gives instructions on how to convert a model from TensorFlow format to OpenVINO IR format using Model Optimizer. The instructions are different depending on if your model was created with TensorFlow v1.X or TensorFlow v2.X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides general instructions on how to convert a model from a TensorFlow format to the OpenVINO IR format using Model Optimizer. The instructions are different depending on whether your model was created with TensorFlow v1.X or TensorFlow v2.X.
```

> To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).

Reviewer: Probably use relative links instead of hard links?

> To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).
```

> To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).

Author: ```suggestion
To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](../../../install_guides/installing-model-dev-tools.md).
```

In this document, you learned:

* Basic information about how the Model Optimizer works with TensorFlow models

> * Which TensorFlow models formats are supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Which TensorFlow model formats are supported
```

* How to freeze a TensorFlow 1 model
* How to convert a trained TensorFlow model using the Model Optimizer with both framework-agnostic and TensorFlow-specific command-line options

> ## See Also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Resources
```

> This page provided general instructions for converting TensorFlow models. For step-by-step instructions showing how to convert specific TensorFlow models, see the [Model Conversion Tutorials](Convert_Model_Tutorials.md) page. Here are some example tutorials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For step-by-step instructions on how to convert specific TensorFlow models, see the [Model Conversion Tutorials](Convert_Model_Tutorials.md) page. Here are some examples:
```
